Extract reads for viral taxids (#15)
genomic-medicine-sweden/metaval: README.md

Reviewer: Since this is not an nf-core pipeline, I suggest we remove the nf-core from the logo and create a logo for metaval instead :)

Author: It will eventually be removed. I'm still working on designing a cool logo

Author: Done!

## Introduction

> **genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val** is a bioinformatics pipeline for post-processing of [nf-core/taxprofiler](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler) results. It verifies the species classified by the nf-core/taxprofiler pipeline using Illumina and Nanopore shotgun metagenomic data. At the moment, `genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val` only verifies the classification results from three taxonomic classifiers `Kraken2`, `Centrifuge` and `diamond`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val** is a bioinformatics pipeline for post-processing of [nf-core/taxprofiler](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler) results. It verifies the species classified by the nf-core/taxprofiler pipeline using Nanopore and Illumina shotgun metagenomic data. At the moment, `genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val` only verifies the classification results from three taxonomic classifiers `Kraken2`, `Centrifuge` and `diamond`.
```

> **genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val** is a bioinformatics pipeline for post-processing of [nf-core/taxprofiler](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler) results. It verifies the organisms predicted by the nf-core/taxprofiler pipeline using metagenomic data, which includes both Illumina shortgun sequencing and Nanopore sequencing data. At moment, `genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val` only verifies the classification results from three classifiers `Kraken2`, `Centrifuge` and `diamond`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val** is a bioinformatics pipeline for post-processing of [nf-core/taxprofiler](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler) results. It verifies the species classified by the nf-core/taxprofiler pipeline using Illumina and Nanopore shotgun metagenomic data. At the moment, `genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val` only verifies the classification results from three taxonomic classifiers `Kraken2`, `Centrifuge` and `diamond`.
```

## Introduction

**genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val** is a bioinformatics pipeline for post-processing of [nf-core/taxprofiler](https://github.com/nf-core/taxprofiler) results. It verifies the species classified by the nf-core/taxprofiler pipeline using Nanopore and Illumina shotgun metagenomic data. At the moment, `genomic-medicine-sweden/meta-val` only verifies the classification results from three taxonomic classifiers `Kraken2`, `Centrifuge` and `diamond`.

The pipeline, constructed using the `nf-core` [template](https://nf-co.re/tools#creating-a-new-pipeline), utilizing Docker/Singularity containers for easy installation and reproducible results. The implementation follows [Nextflow DSL2](https://www.nextflow.io/docs/latest/dsl1.html), employing one container per process for simplified maintenance and dependency management. Processes are sourced from [nf-core/modules](https://github.com/nf-core/modules) for broader accessibility within the Nextflow community.

## Pipeline summary

<p align="center">
     <img title="metaval workflow" src="docs/images/metaval_pipeline_metromap.png">
</p>

> 1. Extract viral taxIDs predicted by profilers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract viral taxIDs predicted by kraken2, centrifuge and DIAMOND classifiers.
```

2. Extract classified reads for organisms of interest, such as all identified viruses or a predefined list of organisms.

3. Use `BLAST` to identify the closest reference genome for the extracted reads.

4. Map the extracted reads to reference genomes using `Bowtie2` for Illumina reads and `minimap2` for Nanopore reads.

5. Visualize using `IGV`.

6. Perform quality check for target reads (`FASTQC` & `MultiQC`).

> 7. Map reads to a list of viral pathogens genomes (`Bowtie2` or `minimap2`).

Reviewer: Is this going to be the last step or is it something to be done in parallel?

Author: It gonna be parallel. I am thinking that we can leave it like this for now and update it later once I have a clearer plan.

Reviewer: Sounds good. Let's resolve this for now.
